feat(docs): add customer segment memberships to v3.6 and v3.7 EUEE-1590 (#1684)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/messaging/agent-chat-api/data-structures/index.mdx

| `omnichannel`                    | optional  |                                                                                                                                                           |
| `address`                        | optional  | An object of the customer's address data.                                                                                                                 |
| `customer_properties`            | optional  | An object where the keys are the IDs of the [customer properties](#customer-property) and the values are their data.                                      |

> | `segment_memberships`            | optional  | An array of the customer's segment memberships. See [Segment Membership](#segment-membership) for the object structure.                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `segment_memberships`            | optional  | An array of the customer's [segment memberships](#segment-membership).                                   |
```

| `last_updated_agent_account_id` | optional  | `string`  | Account ID of the agent that last set this value.                                          |
| `last_updated_agent_client_id`  | optional  | `string`  | Client ID of the application that last set this value.                                     |

### Segment Membership

> Segment memberships describe which segments the customer belongs to. The `segment_memberships` field is omitted when there's no record of any segment membership state for the customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment memberships describe which segments the customer belongs to. A segment is a named rule that classifies customers based on their data. Each segment is defined by conditions. Text evaluates every customer against each active segment definition automatically whenever the customer's data changes.

Every organization has two built-in segments, lead (ID `0`) and qualified lead (ID `1`). You can also [create custom segment definitions](/management/customer-data-platform-api#/paths/~1v1~1create_segment_definition/post).
```

<CodeResponse version="v3.6" type="agent" title={'Sample Segment Membership data structure'} json="segmentMembership"/>

| Field                        | Req./Opt. | Data type  | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| ---------------------------- | --------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `segment_id`                 | required  | `number`   | The ID of the segment definition this membership refers to. The built-in default segment has the ID `0`.                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `segment_id`                 | required  | `number`   | The ID of the segment definition.                                                                                                                                                           |
```

> | `is_member`                  | required  | `bool`     | Whether the customer currently satisfies the segment's conditions.                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `is_member`                  | required  | `bool`     | Whether the customer currently meets all conditions of the segment.                                                                          |
```

| `membership_last_updated_at` | optional  | `string`   | RFC 3339 datetime string; the time when `is_member` last changed. Returned only if the customer was a member of the segment at least once.                                                                                                                          |
| `membership_attribution`     | optional  | `[]string` | Account IDs of the agents credited with the customer joining the segment. Returned only when an agent's change added the customer to the segment.                                                                                                                   |

> | `conditions_provenance`      | optional  | `object`   | An object where the keys are the names of the conditions the customer satisfies (for example, `email_set`) and the values are [Condition Provenance](#condition-provenance) objects. Conditions are reported even when the customer isn't a member of the segment.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `conditions_provenance`      | optional  | `object`   | An object where the keys are the names of the conditions the customer meets (for example, `email_set`) and the values are [Condition Provenance](#condition-provenance) objects. If the customer meets a segment condition, it will be returned even if the customer isn't a member of that segment.  |
```

### Condition Provenance

| Field              | Req./Opt. | Data type | Notes                                                                                                                                                    |
| ------------------ | --------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `last_updated_at`  | required  | `string`  | RFC 3339 datetime string; the time when the condition was last satisfied.                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `last_updated_at`  | required  | `string`  | RFC 3339 datetime string; the time when the condition was last met.                                                                                |
```

> | `agent_account_id` | optional  | `string`  | Account ID of the agent whose change satisfied the condition. Returned only when the change is attributable to an agent.                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `agent_account_id` | optional  | `string`  | The account ID of the agent whose change made the customer meet the condition. Returned only when attributable to an agent.                                 |
```

> | `agent_client_id`  | optional  | `string`  | Client ID of the application that issued the token of the agent who satisfied the condition. Returned only when the change is attributable to an agent.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `agent_client_id`  | optional  | `string`  | The client ID of the application that issued the agent token. Returned only when attributable to an agent.  |
```
